---
title : The week in review
---


Heh, the first real post. Here it goes.


I've finally got Hakyll running and all my homepages reflect that. Of course, 
the intranet one also has a link to my assignments/projects/presentations, but 
I doubt it'll be used for anything other than archival.

I went to Nihilanth last weekend, that was quite an experience. Questions included
ones on how vinyl records got [their name](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyvinyl_chloride#Other_applications), why Putin can't use his French [spelling](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/03/magazine/putinpoutine.html?_r=0)
directly and a nice refresher that Nicaragua has an eponymous [lake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Nicaragua) within itself. Funnily enough, we cracked the first
one (came up in the Sci-Tech quiz prelims) and the last one (in the Gen prelims), 
and also guessed the second right when it was asked in the Gen mains. We got to 
the stage only for Sci-Tech though, and narrowly finished 4th to another Kanpur
team (Of course, IITM managed to get 1-2). Incidentally, this narrow margin was
because I failed to pounce on an question about long nosed bats (?), funnily enough
the funda was about how the Tequila industry had changed their harvesting practices
and Anshul got it right on the bounce (I should have known he'd get an answer like
that).

I also managed to go on a app-install frenzy, finally settling on a workflow of 
Task/Taskwarrior to track my schedule, LifeRPG to track my general well being, and
Podcast Republic as my podcast app of choice. I'm still learning about LifeRPG, 
and I've not yet understood all the commands Task lets one use, but hopefully they
make me more productive.


In academic news (?), last week was pretty eventful : the two courses I'm officially
crediting started with the non-trivial bits. Project reports are due next weekend,
and of course bring with them the panic reading of papers and the hastily put 
together paragraphs in Latex. Hopefully this time around I do some interesting work
and learn something. 


The next bit of this post is going to be me trying to get Latex rendering working on
my blog. Why do I want this? Simple, I plan to blog about whatever I study every
week, and I figure what good is writing a weekly post if I don't have the ability
to make it look fancy with very complicated equations rendered beautifully in Latex.



Python Code with syntax highlighting:
```python
def hello():
	print "Hello World!"
```


Latex stuff (ripped from an earlier assignment submission of mine):

$\sum_{i=0}^N \pi_i = 1$


Thanks to [these](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/hakyll/latex%7Csort:relevance/hakyll/6FC0XsNPwzA/4wLqZ5WM5vEJ) guys for clearing up the minefield that is
sorting out Latex on Hakyll!

