---
title: ACA Summer school
author: Govind
---


ACA IIT Kanpur is hosting a [summer school](http://summerschool.cse.iitk.ac.in/)
in the coming months. I will be teaching a course titled "Machine Learning - 
Practice and Theory". Until I put up a full fledged course webpage, this will
serve.


Course contents: 

- Mathematical basics (linear algebra, probability)
- Supervised learning (classification via decision trees, perceptrons, SVMs, regression via linear regression)
- Unsupervised learning( dimensionality reduction, clustering)
- Feature engineering(dealing with images, video, audio, text)
- Programming Tools (via Python, R).


Course description: 

This module will introduce students to machine learning. We will look
at different learning tasks (classification, regression, clustering),
study existing methods, and experiment with some toy datasets. There
will be a programming component to this module, and the idea is to
become familiar with the basic tools available, as well as the
knowledge to know when and how to apply different methods. While we
will have a brief overview at the start of the mathematical background,
it would be ideal for students to be familiar with elementary
probability (and some basic linear algebra / vectors and matrices).
Also helpful would be access to a personal laptop, although this is
not an absolute necessity.


Programming will be done in a Docker environment, to get a consistent experience
across Windows / Linux / macOS. I will be using Python 2.7, mainly using the 
libraries scikit-learn, numpy, matplotlib, and pandas. 



